[TEP-0091] change feature flag resource-verification-mode to trusted-resources-verification-no-match-policy (#6324)
tektoncd/pipeline: docs/additional-configs.md

most stable features to be used. Set it to "alpha" to allow [alpha
features](#alpha-features) to be used.

> - `trusted-resources-verification-no-match-policy`: Setting this flag to `fail` will fail the taskrun/pipelinerun if no matching policies found. Setting to `warn` or `ignore` will skip the verification and `warn` value will log a warning if no matching policies found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `trusted-resources-verification-no-match-policy`: Setting this flag to `fail` will fail the taskrun/pipelinerun if no matching policies found. Setting to `warn` will skip verification and log a warning if no matching policies are found, but not fail the taskrun/pipelinerun. Setting to `ignore` will skip verification if no matching policies found.
Defaults to "ignore".
```

Author: Oh I see, thanks! I shouldn't mix these 2
